(HaHee with new hair style and clothes!)
HaSeul: Hi!
HeeJin: HaSeul's hair style is changed~
HaSeul: Right
(HaSeul tried HeeJin-esque wave style!)
HeeJin: HeeJin's hair style!
HeeJin: Ah, it looks good on you!
HaSeul: Ah, really? Thank you~
HeeJin: We both are so excited because it's been a while to wear beatiful clothes in the stuido~
HaSeul: Right! So excited!
(HaHee keep haining around the studio)
HaSeul: We want to do a photoshoot too!
(And finally get a opportunity to do a photoshoot!)
'Taking a pictures of you two together is the first time, right?'
HaSeul: Yes!
(It's hard to believe, it's their first time to do a photoshoot together!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Yves - D-1"
HaSeul: You know, it was my first time doing a photoshoot with HeeJin...
(HaHee doing a photoshoot with Yves!)
HaSeul: And now,  with Yves...
(It's a strong point of LOOΠΔ that mix and matching members could be possible!)
HeeJin: Ah~ It's been a long time to do a photoshoot... So I feel happy!
HeeJin: Anyway, I have to go to change clothes.
HeeJin: I think Yves probably feels awkward yet,
HeeJin: However she's doing a really good job.
HeeJin: She's so pretty~~
HeeJin: That smile... so beautiful~
HeeJin: Please give a lot of love to us, LOOΠΔ!